# Brazilian cheese bread

## Requirements:

* 300 grams of tapioca flour (sweet if anyone asks, but usually no choice
in US) -- should be roughly half a package of bob's red mill tapioca
* 100 grams of "cabot seriously sharp cheese" -- should be slightly more
than half a stick as bought
* 225 mL of milk (we typically use whole milk)
* 75 mL of vegetable oil
* 10 grams of salt -- can explore less of this, especially for pizza, but
the pao de queijo balls need more than 0g with our not-so-salty cheese

## Order of operations:

1. measure & shred the cheese (smallest shred you can)
2. put cheese, flour, and salt into a large bowl -- mix
(optional) add italian seasoning
3. measuring cup: put milk and oil together (adds to 300 mL)
4. heat the milk and oil in a small pan. Watch it -- it goes from
boring to overflowing quickly. You can stir occasionally, but it's not
super necessary. When it comes to a boil, it will froth and rise. I
usually let it rise to the near top of the 3" pan ... just a few
seconds, and then pour it directly into the bowl with the dry
ingredients
5. before it cools or settles, mix it -- don't be gentle (I typically
use a wooden spoon)
6. should look like dough now -- if it seems too wet or too much like
glue add a few shakes of tapioca, and stir it in. To test gluiness, put
one finger in and see if you can detach ... can be super hard to get clean
after touching, but to make pizza/calzones, you need to make the dough a
little more manageable.

## Pao de queijo balls:
roll the dough into balls, put on cookie tray (use parchment paper for
easier life), bake at 400F for 20-30 minutes or until slight browning.

## Pizza
oil stone, spread dough to size and shape desired (doesn't rise too
much), bake at 400F for 20-30 minutes or until slight browning. Pull
from oven, decorate pizza, replace for 3-7 minutes depending on kind of
toppings.

## Calzone:
Split this batch of dough in half. Spread onto pizza stone, add a bunch
of cheeses*, fold over. *ask emma for details

